In a bowl, mix the olive oil, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, steak seasoning, red wine vinegar, basil, and Italian seasoning. Pour into a large resealable plastic bag. Pierce steaks on all sides with a fork, and place in the bag. Gently shake to coat. Seal bag and marinate steaks a minimum of 2 hours in the refrigerator. Preheat grill for high heat. Lightly oil the grill grate. Discard marinade. Place steaks on the grill, and cook 7 minutes on each side, or to desired doneness. Place 1/2 chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, parsley, oregano, paprika, anise seed, black pepper, cumin, sage, thyme, bay leaves, cloves, soy sauce, vinegar, orange juice, and lime juice in a blender; pulse until a very well-blended paste is achieved, scraping down sides as needed, 3 to 5 minutes. Spread paste on both sides of the flank steak. Wrap steak in plastic and refrigerate at least 6 hours to overnight. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove excess marinade from flank steak. Grill steak until it begins to firm and is hot and slightly pink in the center, about 8 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C). Chop steak into small pieces and transfer to a platter; cover and keep warm until ready to serve. Place 1 chopped onion, tomatoes, chipotle peppers, and 3 cloves garlic in a blend; pulse until desired consistency. Add water if the salsa becomes too thick. Transfer salsa to a bowl. Heat tortillas in a microwave safe plate until warm, about 1 minute. Serve beef over stacks of two corn tortillas with salsa and sprinkle with remaining 1/2 chopped onion, radishes, and cilantro. Pour soy sauce, water, and vinegar into a large, non-metallic bowl. Whisk in brown sugar, white sugar, pepper, sesame oil, garlic, and onion until the sugars have dissolved. Submerge the ribs in this marinade, and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate 7 to 12 hours; the longer, the better. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat. Remove ribs from the marinade, shake off excess, and discard the marinade. Cook on preheated grill until the meat is no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes per side. Combine vinegar, miso paste, brown sugar, cayenne pepper, and garlic in a small bowl. Stir until smooth. Spread miso mixture generously on both sides of skirt steaks. Sprinkle with black pepper. Allow to rest at room temperature for about 30 minutes. Prepare a charcoal grill for medium-high heat. Place steak on the grill and cook without moving for about 2 minutes. Turn steaks 180 degrees to create cross-hatch grill marks, and cook another 2 minutes. Flip steaks and continue cooking until medium-rare to medium on the inside, and shiny on the outside, about 4 more minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 135 degrees F (57 degrees C). Allow to rest for 5 minutes. Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place the beef into a mixing bowl, and season with salt, onion, garlic salt, Italian seasoning, oregano, red pepper flakes, hot pepper sauce, and Worcestershire sauce; mix well. Add the milk, Parmesan cheese, and bread crumbs. Mix until evenly blended, then form into 1 1/2-inch meatballs, and place onto a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, 20 to 25 minutes. Season beef generously with salt and pepper. Stir butter, mushrooms and onions into the pan; cook and stir over medium heat until the vegetables are lightly browned. Add garlic and stir for 30 seconds. Stir in flour; cook for 1-2 minutes until incorporated. Stir in wine and 1 cup of stock, scraping the bottom of the pan to release any browned bits. Bring to a simmer, cook for 3-4 minutes, until the sauce thickens. Return beef to the pan. Stir in remaining cup of stock; bring to a simmer and cook on low heat for about 1 hour with the lid on, until the beef is tender and the sauce is thick. Stir every 20 minutes. Sprinkle freshly ground pepper over both sides of each steak, and sprinkle with salt to taste. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Place steaks in hot pan, and cook for 1 minute on each side, or until browned. Reduce heat to medium-low, and add balsamic vinegar and red wine. Cover, and cook for 4 minutes on each side, basting with sauce when you turn the meat over. Remove steaks to two warmed plates, spoon one tablespoon of glaze over each, and serve immediately. Season steaks with seasoned salt and black pepper, and arrange in a single layer in a large baking dish. In a bowl, whisk together olive oil, balsamic vinegar, mustard, and rosemary. Pour mixture over filets, and turn to coat. Marinate for up to 30 minutes. While you are marinating the meat, melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Cook onion slices in butter until soft, then stir in sugar. Continue cooking until onions are caramelized. Set aside. Preheat grill for high heat on one side, and medium heat on the other side. Lightly oil the grill grate. Place steaks on the hot side of the grill, and cook for 10 minutes, turning once. When the steaks are almost done, move to the cooler side of the grill. Top each filet with a quarter of the caramelized onions and blue cheese. Close the lid, and continue cooking until the cheese is melted.
